All right.
The last thing that we have to do is to create, like a data set, like how we have got over here.
So how do we actually do that in this particular area.
So I'm going to just say creating data set.
Uh I hit okay.
And here is where we're going to create the data set.
So for data set creation.
So I'm just going to say data set is equal to an array.
And I'm going to start writing the code.
So I'm going to say for query and reference in zip and the query over here we know that in the data
frame we saw that it was a query.
And the reference is going to be DF.
And the reference was actually answer.
Right.
So these are the two things that we saw in our uh actual data frame.
And over here I'm going to add the relevant uh, data or docs, which is going to be retriever dot invoke.
I'm just going to say query of maybe just um, the first one was actually a query.
And then I'm going to get the page underscore content.
And then I'm going to get the response which is equal to the, uh, the agent that we have got, uh,
over here.
Right.
So I'm going to call the agent and I'm going to add a run, and I'm going to pass the query over here.
That's going to be the response coming up.
Finally, we need to start creating the data set.
Because now we have all the bells and whistles which is required for creating me the data set over the
years.
Okay.
What are the things that we need.
The first one is the user input.
If you remember, that was something that we were adding over there like user input, retrieval, context
and everything.
Let me just copy that.
Uh, for saving some keystrokes, uh, over here.
And the question is nothing but our query that we are going to get from the CSV file.
And this is sitting in the data frame, and the retrieval context is going to be the relevant docs.
Our response is obviously going to be the response.
And the reference is nothing but uh, the reference that we have got over here.
So I'm going to say reference.
Cool.
Now I'm going to see what happens to our data set.
Look at that.
This is where things are going to happen.
Like now when I run this guy it is going to invoke our vector data store.
And the agent is then going to invoke our tool which is the bias detection tool.
And then it's going to run that.
And the bias detection tool actually has got an LM invoke.
And this is nothing but our local LM.
So it's going to be invoking and creating the Summarisation for me.
At the same time, the agent is going to also do the verification of the response.
And then it is going to store that particular value over here.
So now let's try to run this code and see what is really going to happen.
So the moment I try to run this particular code, you will see that the agent executor chain is executing
and it is going to run all of these over here.
Look at that.
That's the final answer.
And then it just keep on doing all these things for us over here and see that all the questions are
being passed one by one.
And the, uh, the operations are happening for us over there, which is pretty cool.
So we see that everything is happening.
Uh, and you are also going to get the responses in the text editor if you just go and see that.
Look at that.
All the chains of thoughts are really happening there.
And it's creating the data for the entirety for us over there.
I think it is still running over here.
Like you see that it is 47 seconds.
So if I just go to our Safari browser and let's see our long chain over here, we should see that this
guy is still running the agent executor.
And it is.
Keep on calling the bias detection and it is running things for us over here.
So it is going to take a bit of a time I'm sure.
Last time it took me so much time to complete the entire operation.
So let this every entire operation to complete.
Ah, there we go.
It's done.
And you can see that we have got the response.
So user input retrieved context response and reference.
And these are all been stored over here.
That's all.
So this is how we create the data set.
Like how we can um how we did in our last lecture, last section where we're creating the data set over
here, the last operation, we know that we just have to run the ragas evaluation.
And also this guy which is going to evaluate and give us the result.
So I'm going to do this.
And this time I'm just going to copy paste the entire code and see how that works.
If you have time just try to work it out yourself until this point of time.
If you already did it.
If not, we're going to do that anyways in our next lecture.
So catch you in our next lecture.